1. Provide a high-level description (ie, using minimal amount of technical jargon) of each problem
in no more than 100 words.

Problem 1 (Greet Three): The user inputs 3 variables to be the names of 3 people and outputs a greeting to each of them

Problem 2 (Three Sort): Sorts 3 numbers that are inputted by the user 

Problem 3 (Great Circle Distance): Input the latitude and longitude and calculate the great circle distance

Problem 4 (Uniform Random Numbers): Generates 3 random numbers within a given bounds (i.e., [a, b)) and prints their mean, variance, and standard deviation

Problem 5 (Triangle Inequality): Checks if all of the 3 given numbers equal the sum of the other 2 numbers

Problem 6 (Quadratic Equation): Outputs the roots given the a, b, and c of a quadratic equation

Problem 7 (Six-sided Die): Prints a side of a 6-sided die depending on the input

Problem 8 (Playing Card): Outputs a random card from a standard 52-card deck

Problem 9 (Greatest Common Divisor): Prints out the largest number that can divide both numbers without a remainder

Problem 10 (Factorial Function): Finds the factorial of a given number

Problem 11 (Fibonacci Function): Gives the Fibonacci number result of a given number

Problem 12 (Primality Test): Tests if a given number is prime

Problem 13 (Counting Primes): Finds the primes within a certain boundary (e.g., 10000)

Problem 14 (Perfect Numbers): Lists the numbers whose divisors, not including itself (e.g., 1, 2, 3), add up to the number itself

Problem 15 (Ramanujan Numbers): Returns a number whose result can be calculated by the sum of 2 cubed integers, in two different ways, where both ways equal each other

2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, course staff, other), and
the nature of help received.

Name                   Status           Help Received
----                   ------           -------------

...                    ...              ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

Apparently Java only runs the variable initialization part ONCE. Now that I think about it, it makes perfect sense.
